# B-Fit
### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/Fur4ETcbrQE
### Description:
For my cs50 final project I have built a fitness app. I decided to go with this idea as fitness plays a major role in my life and I believe it to be an important stepping stone in anybody's life. The name of my app is called "B-Fit" and serves as a guide for anyone who doesn't know where or how to get started. My goal is to encourage others to improve themselves for their own benefit and teach them the mindset necessary to do so.

### App Content
The first page of my app contains a posed background image of me as well as the name of the app. I decided to go with a darker aesthetic for the design as most fitness posts really come to life with a darker look. This page also contains a clickable button whose purpose is to redirect the user to the next page which contains three more clickable buttons. These buttons will redirect the user to the workouts page, the nutrition page and the about me page. It also contains the phrase "Change your body, change your mind". I used this to convey the importance of both aspects when taking this journey of self-improvement. I also included an image of a hand holding a dumbbell to the design in order to give the viewer a more immersive experience.

### Workouts Page
The workouts page contains a very similar design to its parent page. It gives the user the option to select between different difficulties of workouts. These are beginner, intermediate and advanced. The beginner tab contains a four-day workout plan which is meant to slowly help the user find their feet in the gym. Even so this workout can be quite challenging and is meant to push your boundaries. The next page is the intermediate workout page. This contains a five-day split which is more catered to developing certain sections of your body to be in line with your long term fitness goals. The final page is the advanced workout page. This is quite a taxing workout and is designed for those who like to take the sport competitively and follow strict nutritional plans which allow your body to recover properly. This is necessary as it is a six-day plan and it is of utmost importance to allow your body to rest and recover otherwise it becomes counterproductive.

### Nutrition Page
The nutrition page contains an encouraging phrase as well as a simple graphic to show the user what their daily food breakdown should look like. It also contains information on the basic building blocks of nutrition and its key factors. Eating to reach your fitness goals is commonly a misunderstood topic, which is why I find it important to include the key points necessary. The page also contains a macro calculator in which you insert your height, weight and age and it returns an estimate of how many calories you should consumer per day in order the maintain your weight while achieving your fitness goals. Once your caloric intake is determined, you can use the information below the calculator to determine how many calories you as an individual should eat per day. This varies on your goal, if your goal is to lose weight you should eat in a caloric deficit of roughly 500 calories and the opposite is true if your goal is to bulk up and build sustainable muscle mass. The bottom of the page also contains a clickable button which redirects to a website where you can access a few recipes that will help you get started on your eating journey.

### About Me Page
The about me page contains basic information about myself such as where I am from, how old I am, how long I've been training etc. It also explains my views on the gym and fitness to change the users view as there are many misconceptions about the gym. It also includes a button which links to my TikTok account where the user can follow my fitness journey and also learn the tips and tricks to certain exercises. It can also be used as a method to contact me directly for any help or advice. My goals with designing this app is to influence positive change in the world!
